feat: Adding a Pull Request Template (#222)
TimefoldAI/timefold-quickstarts: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Description of the change

> Description here

## Related Issue

> Issue #ID

Reviewer: If you take a look on the right, you will see that Github allows linking a Github issue. I think this should be enough and we don't need to include it in the PR description as well.

WDYT?

Author: I've been working with GH for so long and never noted this field. Okay, we don't need to include this in the template.

## Checklist

### Development

- [ ] The changes have been covered with tests, if necessary.
- [ ] You have a green build, with the exception of the flaky tests.

> - [ ] UI and JS files are fully tested, and the UI buttons work for all modules or those affected by your changes (e.g., solve and analyze buttons).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] UI and JS files are fully tested, the user interface works for all modules affected by your changes (e.g., solve and analyze buttons).
```

> - [ ] The network calls work for all modules or those affected by your changes (e.g., solving a problem).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The network calls work for all modules affected by your changes (e.g., solving a problem).
```

> - [ ] The console messages are validated for all modules or those affected by your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The console messages are validated for all modules affected by your changes.
```

### Code Review

> - [ ] This pull request includes an explicative title and description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] This pull request includes an explanatory title and description.
```

- [ ] The GitHub issue is linked.

### Merging

> 

Reviewer: I'd remove the header. Merging will happen if code review is OK.

- [ ] At least one other engineer has approved the changes.

> - [ ] After merging the change, the issue requires you to follow up with the user.

Reviewer: What do you mean by this last point?

Author: The goal is to remind the owner to follow up with the user who opened the Issue. Let's say a user/customer finds a bug and files an issue. We should get back to him once the bug is fixed.

Reviewer: In that case, I suggest to rephrase a bit: "After PR is merged, inform the reporter."

Author: Done!
